Add advice on multi link on linking object vs. backlink on linked-to object (#6563)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/datamodel/links.rst

Under the hood, a ``multi`` link is stored in an intermediate `association
table <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Associative_entity>`_, whereas a
``single`` link is stored as a column in the object type where it is declared.

Another decision often faced by EdgeDB users is whether to use a ``multi``
link on the linking object or a backlink on the other (the linked object).
A general rule of thumb in this case is as follows.

Use a ``multi`` link if:

- The relationship is relatively stable and thus not updated very frequently.
  For example, a list of postal addresses in a user profile.
- The number of elements in the link tends to be small.

Otherwise, prefer a single link from one object coupled with a computed
backlink on the other. This is marginally more efficient and generally
recommended when modeling 1:N relations:

.. code-block:: sdl

    type Post {
      required author: User;
    }

    type User {
      link posts := (.<author[is Post])

>     }

Reviewer: I might do this whole block as a `.. note::`, just to call out that it isn't really part of the "one-to-many" section. It's related to both that and the "many-to-one" section since it's advising between the two.

Also, maybe we should characterize this as the "direction" of the link. I think that's a bit clearer than the way you've characterized it here. Spitballing a rewrite of the first paragraph:
> Choosing a link direction can be tricky when dealing with these kinds of links. Should you model the link as a one-to-many using `multi`, or should you model a many-to-one (single) link and use backlinks to traverse in the other direction? A general rule of thumb in this case is as follows.

Does this approach make sense?

Oh, one more:
> Otherwise, prefer a single link from one object **type** coupled with a computed backlink on the other.

Under the hood, a ``multi`` link is stored in an intermediate `association
table <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Associative_entity>`_, whereas a
``single`` link is stored as a column in the object type where it is declared.

.. note::

>   Choosing a link direction can be tricky when dealing with these kinds of
>   links. Should you model the link as a one-to-many using ``multi``, or should
>   you model a many-to-one (single) link and use backlinks to traverse in the
>   other direction? A general rule of thumb in this case is as follows.

Reviewer 2: A few small suggestions for clarity. Mostly trying to tease out how _relationships_ are modeled _using_ links. In other words, you don't "model links" you "model relationships (one-to-many, or many-to-one) with links (multi or single)".

```suggestion
  Choosing a link direction can be tricky when modeling with these kinds of
  relationships. Should you model the relationship as one-to-many using a ``multi`` link, or as
  many-to-one using a ``single`` link with a backlink to traverse in the
  other direction? A general rule of thumb in this case is as follows.
```

—Note that I didn't reformat the line lengths to highlight the changes here, so this suggestion isn't something that can be applied directly.

Reviewer 2: @Dhghomon did you see this suggestion? any thoughts?

Author: Weird, was this hidden? I'll commit it now.

Reviewer 2: @Dhghomon Not sure! But, as I noted, the formatting is not quite right, I just edited it inline to highlight the suggested changes, so you'll need to format the line lengths (looking forward to not caring about this soon!)

As a result, single links are marginally more efficient. Generally ``single``
links are recommended when modeling 1:N relations.

Another decision often faced by EdgeDB users is whether to use a ``multi``
link on the linking object or a backlink on the other (the linked object).
A general rule of thumb in this case is as follows.

Use a ``multi`` link if:

- The relationship is relatively stable and thus not updated very frequently.
  For example, a list of postal addresses in a user profile.
- The number of elements in the link tends to be small.

> Otherwise, prefer a single link from one object coupled with a computed
> backlink on the other:

Reviewer 2: I think we can fold the prior sentence from this change into this same paragraph. Otherwise it's weird that we say "Generally ``single`` links are recommended when modeling 1:N relations." But then go on to caveat it further.

What about:

```suggestion
Otherwise, prefer a single link from one object coupled with a computed
backlink on the other. This is marginally more efficient and generally
recommended when modeling 1:N relations:
```

And remove that sentence from lines 277:278?

Author: Ah yes, I was thinking about that a bit and looks like a good solution to the small duplication.

Author: Okay, deleted the other sentence now. Looks nice
